Added relay instead of battery (#2378)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/make-a-plant-watering-robot.md

Follow this tutorial to learn how to set up an automatic plant watering system:

1. [Complete the physical assembly and wiring](#set-up-your-plant-watering-robot).
2. [Create and connect to the robot, and configure your robot's components](#configure-the-components-of-your-robot-in-the-viam-app).
3. [Configure the ADC as a module from the registry](#configure-the-adc-as-a-module-from-the-registry).
4. [Write code utilizing the Viam Python SDK to control the plant watering robot](#add-python-control-code).

{{<youtube embed_url="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Q6UuUKJpDn0?start=877">}}

> You can also follow a simplified version of this tutorial in this video: it eliminates the need for the ADC and the breadboard, instead uses the digital pin of the moisture sensor to get “high” and “low” readings and to turn a relay on and off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also follow a simplified version of this tutorial in this video: it eliminates the need for the ADC and the breadboard, instead using the digital pin of the moisture sensor to get “high” and “low” readings and to turn a relay on and off.
```

## Set up your plant watering robot

Before programming the Pi to make the plant watering robot functional, you need to physically set up the plant watering robot by wiring the different components together.

> You will set up the robot to receive signals from the resistive soil moisture sensor and signal to the 5V pump when it is time to pump water from the water's container to the plant's container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will set up the robot to receive signals from the resistive soil moisture sensor and signal to the pump when it is time to pump water from the water's container to the plant's container.
```
[opt] There's only one pump right? So probably don't even need to specify

{{% /alert %}}

Insert the MCP3008 into your breadboard so that it bridges both sides of the divide.
Then, use the rows on the side of your MCP3008's pins and the GPIO pins on your Pi to connect the pins with wires as follows:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| MCP3008 ADC Pin | Raspberry Pi Pin |
| ----------- | ---------------- |
| VDD | 5V |
| VREF | 5V |
| AGND | GND |
| DGND | GND |

> | CLK | SCLK |

Reviewer: This is outside of the diff so feel free to disregard but, should these say which pin number they are?

Author: I want to believe this was an intentional choice at the beginning because the adc does work across boards if you just use the chip select, miso, clock, mosi, power, ground etc. pins on the board and the pin number is not that important (more so the pin purpose). And some of these go to the breadboard rail and not to actual power pins on the Pi. But I see where you are coming from, if you think it makes it easier for the reader to just see the pins, I can add that in the next iteration

Reviewer: Okay that makes sense! Can disregard my comment here!

| DOUT | MISO |
| DIN | MOSI |
| CS/SHDN | 24GPIO8 |

> The 5V Raspberry Pi pins go into the power rail of the breadboard (the red plus sign column). This will be used to share the 5V output from the Raspberry Pi Pin 4 which is 5V power. Thus one additional wiring from the top of the power rail of the breadboard to the Raspberry Pi [Pin 4 (5V)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/5v_power) is necessary.

Reviewer: I think we can take out some extra words here. How about this:
```suggestion
Use an additional wire to wire Raspberry Pi [pin 4 (a 5 volt power pin)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/5v_power) to the power rail of the breadboard (the red plus sign column).
This brings the 5V power output from the Raspberry Pi to the ADC and the sensor.
```
Also put one sentence per line ;)

![Pinout diagram for the resistive soil moisture sensor.](/tutorials/plant-watering-pi/moisture-sensor-pinout.png)

Start by connecting the female jumper wires at the end of the sensor prongs to the blue module where the diagram shown above is labeled "Connect with Probe."

> Be careful of the positive and negative sides, and make sure to match it correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful of the positive and negative sides, and make sure to match them correctly.
```

Then, wire the rest of the pins on the module to the Pi and ADC as follows:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Pi | ADC |
|--|--|
|<table> <tr><th>Moisture Sensor Pin</th><th>Raspberry Pi Pin</th></tr><tr><td>VCC</td><td>5V on the power rail</td></tr><tr><td>GND</td><td>GND</td></tr> </table>| <table> <tr><th>Moisture Sensor Pin</th><th>MCP3008 ADC Pin</th></tr><tr><td>A0 (Analog Signal Output)</td><td>CH0</td></tr> </table>|

Put the soil moisture sensor inside of the container holding your plant.

### Wire your pump

> Now, wire and power your pump [motor](/components/motor/), and relay module to complete your hardware setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, wire and power your pump [motor](/components/motor/) and relay module to complete your hardware setup:
```

> 1. Attach an [alligator wire clip](https://www.amazon.com/Goupchn-Alligator-Breadboard-Flexible-Electrical/dp/B08M5P6LHR/) to your 5V pump motor's positive wire, and connect it to the NO pin on relay module. NO stands for normally open, which will keep the circuit open unless the pin is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Attach an [alligator wire clip](https://www.amazon.com/Goupchn-Alligator-Breadboard-Flexible-Electrical/dp/B08M5P6LHR/) to your 5V pump motor's positive wire, and connect it to the NO pin on relay module.
   NO stands for normally open, which will keep the circuit open unless the pin is triggered.
```
[nit] Sentence per line

> 2. Attach another [alligator wire clip](https://www.amazon.com/Goupchn-Alligator-Breadboard-Flexible-Electrical/dp/B08M5P6LHR/) to your 5V pump motor's negative wire, and connect it to [Pin 39 (Ground)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/ground) on the Raspberry Pi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Attach another [alligator wire clip](https://www.amazon.com/Goupchn-Alligator-Breadboard-Flexible-Electrical/dp/B08M5P6LHR/) to your 5V pump motor's negative wire, and connect it to [pin 39 (ground)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/ground) on the Raspberry Pi.
```
[nit]

> 3. Connect the COM (Common) pin on the relay to [Pin 1 (3.3V)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/3v3_power) on the Pi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Connect the COM (common) pin on the relay to [pin 1 (3.3V)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/3v3_power) on the Pi.
```

> 4. Connect the 5V pin on the relay to [Pin 2 (5V)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/5v_power) on the Pi.
> 5. Connect the GND pin on the relay to [Pin 14 (Ground)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/ground) on the Pi.
> 6. Connect the IN pin on the relay to the [Pin 8 (GPIO 14)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/pin8_gpio14) on the Pi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Connect the 5V pin on the relay to [pin 2 (5V)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/5v_power) on the Pi.
5. Connect the GND pin on the relay to [pin 14 (ground)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/ground) on the Pi.
6. Connect the IN pin on the relay to the [pin 8 (GPIO 14)](https://pinout.xyz/pinout/pin8_gpio14) on the Pi.
```
[nits]

{{% alert title="Tip" color="tip" %}}

> To complete the steps, you must insert the end of the jumper wires into the pin gates on the relay module and tighten the screws on these gates with your screwdriver to close the wires inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete the steps, insert the ends of the jumper wires into the pin gates on the relay module and tighten the screws on these gates with your screwdriver to close the wires inside.
```
